changelog: add Workers Terraform, API, and Smart Placement fixes (#22149)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-03-18-secrets-api-documented.mdx

---
title: Added missing Secrets API to docs for Workers and Workers for Platforms
description: The Secrets API for Workers and Workers for Platforms have been added to the Cloudflare API docs.
products:
  - workers
  - workers-for-platforms
date: 2025-03-18T00:00:00Z
---

> The [Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/resources/workers/subresources/scripts/subresources/secrets/) and [Workers for Platforms](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/resources/workers_for_platforms/subresources/dispatch/subresources/namespaces/subresources/scripts/subresources/secrets/) secrets APIs are now documented in the Cloudflare OpenAPI docs. They are also available in the API Library SDKs (such as [cloudflare-typescript](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-typescript) (>4.2.0) and [cloudflare-python](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-python)) (>4.1.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/resources/workers/subresources/scripts/subresources/secrets/) and [Workers for Platforms](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/resources/workers_for_platforms/subresources/dispatch/subresources/namespaces/subresources/scripts/subresources/secrets/) secrets APIs are now properly documented in the Cloudflare OpenAPI docs. Previously, these endpoints were not publicly documented, leaving users confused on how to directly manage their secrets via the API. Now, you can find the proper endpoints in our public documentation, as well as in our  API Library SDKs (such as [cloudflare-typescript](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-typescript) (>4.2.0) and [cloudflare-python](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-python)) (>4.1.0).
```
